We stay in the world of things not working in a browser,
let's talk about polyfills, what is a polyfill? A polyfill is a Javascript package which enables
certain CSS features in browsers which would not support it otherwise.
Now obviously, we learned about vendor prefixes, which help us support older browsers and about the supports
query which helps us implementing nice fallbacks.
Sometimes, there is no prefix we can use because some browsers simply doesn't support a feature,
not even with a prefix
and we also don't want to implement a fallback, we want to use that cool feature which we can use in
modern browsers too.
For some CSS features, so-called polyfills exist. These are Javascript packages which
you can download and import into your code and they will simply parse your CSS code and then style
your page accordingly
with some Javascript logic,
so they basically implement a certain feature by falling back to other CSS features and kind of replicating
that look you want it to have. Now polyfills are not available for every CSS feature though,
for example for the grid, there are no polyfills because the grid uses some techniques that simply can't
be replicated easily with vanilla CSS and Javascript
but for some features, polyfills are an option.
There is something important to keep in mind though,
polyfills come at a cost,
it's a Javascript package you download, you add and you import into your HTML file.
Therefore, your users have to download it and then it will execute,
it will parse the DOM, it will manipulate some styles,
these all impacts the performance of your page.
So especially for bigger polyfills because some feature might be very complicated to replicate,
you should really consider if implementing a fallback, with supports or something like that, isn't a better
solution.
If you come to the conclusion that it isn't, polyfills are a great tool but you should really use
them with care and use them rarely.
Now to give you an idea about what could be polyfilled when it comes to CSS, for example
rems.
Older browsers don't support rem,
there is a polyfill and you find a link to this article of course at the end of this module,
there is a polyfill which you can download and import which will essentially just convert all
your rem declarations to pixels which are supported by older browsers too
and there are a couple of such polyfills as you can see.
There are also polyfills for background image related properties and so on.
So if you need that feature and you need to support such old browsers, definitely consider using such
polyfills.